# AgePrediction
Predicting Age with Multiple Linear Regression Analysis

People in the US are living longer. The World Health Organization predicts the world's population over 60 will nearly double from 12% to 22% between 2015 and 2050. (World Health Organization 2024). This could be cause for some concern to major life insurance companies. Life insurance provides financial assistance to loved ones (beneficiaries) when the insured person dies. When life expectations and actual beneficiary survival rates exceed expectations, this results in greater-than-anticipated cash flow (Investopedia 2021). This is known as the longevity risk factor. This raises an important question for major life insurance companies about which health and lifestyle factors can predict a person's age. A team of data analysis has been tasked with the research question: To what extent do the health and lifestyle variables Height (cm), Weight (kg), Cholesterol Level (mg/dL), BMI, Blood Glucose Level (mg/dL), Stress Levels, Bone Density (g/cm²), Sun Exposure, Gender, Physical Activity Level, Smoking Status, Alcohol Consumption, Diet, Chronic Diseases, Vision Sharpness, and Hearing Ability (dB) affect Age (years)? With Multiple Linear Regression analysis the team will try to confirm the hypothesis - The variables Height (cm), Weight (kg), Cholesterol Level (mg/dL), BMI, Blood Glucose Level (mg/dL), Stress Levels, Bone Density (g/cm²), Sun Exposure, Gender, Physical Activity Level, Smoking Status, Alcohol Consumption, Diet, Chronic Diseases, Vision Sharpness, and Hearing Ability (dB) statistically significantly affect Age (years).
